Shelley, just wanted to recap a couple of things going on
If something comes up tomorrow, please don t hesitate to page me
We can visit Monday about finalizing the presentations on the TW Customer meeting
Thanks
Lynn 1
Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - Mike Bodnar is building based on the existing requirements 2
Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and John are working with Penny McCarren to ensure all departments (Marketing, Legal, Regulatory, Gas Logistics) have the same procedural understanding 3
TW Customer Meeting - Met with Ava today and everything is in order except for you and I deciding who is presenting which topics
4
Enduser Measurement issue and MidAm measurement issue - Jodie Floyd Jodie, Mary Darveaux and Frank Semin are putting together recommendation
Steve and I are working with Jodie
5
Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok - Mike Bodnar/Chris Greaney are working with Theresa, Reyna and Transok
Purchase for three days (Nov. 2, 3, 4) for a total of 50,000 mmbtu
6
EDI Confirmations with the ElPaso Pipes - Mary Draemer 7
Aberdeen allocations - Steve and I have been working with Jo Williams and North team 8
LSP overrun issues - Mike Bodnar/Kent Miller/Tim Johanson 9
TW possible tariff filing on imbalances in relation to constraint areas - Lindy Donohoe/Terry/Teb 10
SLA Settlement - Steve and I working with Steve Kirk and Mike McGowan 11
Beaver Assets Sale - Steve and I working with Mike Stage and group 12
Strangers Gas Review - I am working with Mary Darveaux 13
Demarc Presentation to Virginia Power - I am working with Vernon Mercaldo (11/6/01) 14
Presentation to Measurement group on Gas Logistics function - 11/14/01 I am presenting 15
Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke
